
v:"దేవుని కుమారుడైన యేసు రక్తము ప్రతిపాపము నుండి మనలను పవిత్రులనుగా చేయును." 1 యోహాను John 1:7

s1.డాగునేది మాపును - వేగయేసు రక్తధారే
s1.రోగికే యౌషధము - బాగుగా నా రక్తధారే

c:హా దివ్య రక్తము - ఎంతో యమూల్యము
c:నన్ శుద్ధిచేయును - యేసుయొక్క రక్తధారే

s2.పాప పరిహారము - ప్రాపు యేసురక్తధారే
s2.శాపపు సంహారము - స్వామి యేసు రక్తధారే

s3.ఇదే నా సుపానము - యేసుయొక్క రక్తధారే
s3.నాదు క్షమాపణము - యేసుయొక్క రక్తధారే

s4.నాకు సమాధానము - యేసుయొక్క రక్తధారే
s4.నాకు జయగానము - యేసుయొక్క రక్తధారే
  

v:"The blood of Jesus his Son cleanses us from all sin." 1 John 1:7

engsta1.What can wash away my sin?
engsta1.Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
engsta1.What can make me whole again?
engsta1.Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

engch:Oh! precious is the flow
engch:That makes me white as snow;
engch:No other fount I know,
engch:Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

engsta2.For my pardon this I see
engsta2.Nothing but the blood of Jesus!
engsta2.For my cleansing this my plea
engsta2.Nothing but the blood of Jesus!

engsta3.Nothing can my sin atone
engsta3.Nothing but the blood of Jesus!
engsta3.Not of good that I have done
engsta3.Nothing but the blood of Jesus!

engsta4.This is all my hope and peace
engsta4.Nothing but the blood of Jesus!
engsta4.This is all my righteousness
engsta4.Nothing but the blood of Jesus!


