
v:"జ్ఞానమునకు మించిన క్రీస్తు ప్రేమ" ఎఫెసీ Ephesians 3:19

s1.దైవ ప్రేమ పృథ్విలోని - యన్నిటిని మించును
s1.ఏసు మాలో నివసించు - మది మా విముక్తియే
s1.నీ కమూల్య ప్రేమయుండు - నీవు ప్రేమమూర్తివే
s1.నీ దాసులమైన మమ్ముఁ గృపతో రక్షించుము

s2.మమ్ము సమ్రక్షించు శక్తి - నీకుండు మా ప్రభువా
s2.యెన్నఁ డెన్నఁ డేని నీదు - సన్నిధిని బాయము
s2.నిన్ స్తుతించుచుండి మేము - సర్వదా సేవింతుము
s2.నిన్ బ్రార్థించి పూర్ణ ప్రేమ - మే మతిశయింతుము

s3.క్రొత్తగా మమ్ము సృజించి పాపమెల్లఁ బాపుము
s3.మాకు స్వస్థత నొసంగి - గొప్ప రక్షణ జూపుము
s3.భక్తి యభివృద్ధి పొంది - స్వర్గమందుఁ జేరఁగా
s3.వింతనొంది ప్రేమ స్తుతి - నీ కర్పింతు మెపుడు

v:"the love of Christ that surpasses knowledge" Ephesians 3:19

engsta1.Love Divine, all love excelling,
engsta1.Joy of heav’n, to earth come down;
engsta1.Fix in us Thy humble dwelling,
engsta1.All Thy faithful mercies crown.
engsta1.Jesus, Thou art all compassion;
engsta1.Pure, unbounded love Thou art;
engsta1.Visit us with Thy salvation,
engsta1.Enter every trembling heart.

engsta2.Breathe, O breathe Thy loving Spirit
engsta2.Into every troubled breast;
engsta2.Let us all in Thee inherit,
engsta2.Let us find the promised rest.
engsta2.Take away the love of sinning;
engsta2.Alpha and Omega be;
engsta2.End of faith, as its beginning,
engsta2.Set our hearts at liberty.

engsta3.Come, Almighty, to deliver,
engsta3.Let us all Thy life receive;
engsta3.May Thy presence e’er be with us,
engsta3.Never more Thy temples leave.
engsta3.Thee we would be always blessing,
engsta3.Serve Thee as Thou wouldst approve,
engsta3.Pray, and praise Thee without ceasing,
engsta3.Glory in Thy perfect love.

engsta4.Finish, then, Thy new creation;
engsta4.Pure and spotless let us be;
engsta4.Let us see Thy great salvation
engsta4.Perfectly restored in Thee;
engsta4.Changed from glory into glory
engsta4.Till with Thee we take our place,
engsta4.Till we cast our crowns before Thee,
engsta4.Lost in wonder, love and praise.
  
  