
v:"కడవరి వానకాలమున వర్షము దయచేయుమని యెహోవాను వేడుకొనుడి." జెకర్యా Zechariah 10:1

s1.ఆశీర్వాదంబుల్మామీద - వర్షింపజేయు మీశ
s1.యాశతో నమ్మి యున్నాము - నీ సత్య వాగ్దత్తము

c:ఇమ్మహి మీద గ్రుమ్మరించుము దేవా
c:క్రమ్మర ప్రేమ వర్షంబున్ గ్రుమ్మరించుము దేవా

s2.ఓ దేవా పంపింప వయ్యా - నీ దేవెన ధారలన్
s2.మా దాహ మెల్లను బాపు - మాధుర్యమౌ వర్షమున్

s3.మామీద కురిపించు మీశ - ప్రేమ ప్రవాహంబులన్
s3.సమస్త దేశంబు మీద - క్షామంబు పోవునట్లుగన్

s4.ఈనాడే వర్షంపు మీశ - నీ నిండు దీవెనలన్
s4.నీ నామమందున వేడి సన్నుతి బ్రార్థింతుము

v:"And I will make them and the places all around my hill a blessing, and I will send down the showers in their season; they shall be showers of blessing." Ezekiel యెహేజ్కేలు 34:26

engsta1.There shall be showers of blessing
engsta1.This is the promise of love;
engsta1.There shall be seasons refreshing,
engsta1.Sent from the Savior above.

engch:Showers of blessing,
engch:Showers of blessing we need;
engch:Mercy-drops round us are falling,
engch:But for the showers we plead.

engsta2.There shall be showers of blessing
engsta2.Precious reviving again;
engsta2.Over the hills and the valleys,
engsta2.Sound of abundance of rain.

engsta3.There shall be showers of blessing;
engsta3.Send them upon us, O Lord!
engsta3.Grant to us now a refreshing;
engsta3.Come, and now honor Thy Word.

engsta4.There shall be showers of blessing;
engsta4.O that today they might fall,
engsta4.Now as to God we’re confessing,
engsta4.Now as on Jesus we call!
  
  